[Music]
here's number one grandma and her
absent-minded granddaughter Sally went
to the drugstore to get some meds for
her grandma
the pharmacist looked at the
prescription and handed her four
identical pills two of them for her high
blood pressure and another two for her
allergies he also warned her that
grandma should take one of each kind of
pills a few hours before bedtime the
girl just dropped the pills into her bag
as she got home
Sally realized what she did wrong there
were four completely identical pills in
her bag all mixed up now that it's time
for grandma to take her pills you're the
only one who can help her figure out
which is which and get both the high
pressure and the allergy pills how could
she do it I give you 15 seconds to
figure it out remember taking the wrong
pills can be pretty risky you don't want
to hurt grandma right
[Music]
well I hope you came up with the right
solution the only way out of this
situation is to split all the pills in
half and take one half of each pill this
way grandma will definitely get the
right meds and Sally is still a pill
number two
grandma and the chicken well you helped
grandma get better and now she's moved
to the countryside
she's got three hens that gave her three
eggs in three days
when Sally found out about this she
decided selling eggs could be a good
business so she got her grandma 12 more
hens of the same kind Sally can't wait
to get her profit who wouldn't be but
she's not that great at math can you
help her figure out how many eggs
grandma will get in the next 15 days
you've got 15 seconds for a 15 days
calculation don't chicken out
[Music]
time to take all those prospective eggs
out of the basket three hens brought
grandma three eggs in three days it
means one hen brings one egg once every
three days so it will give five eggs in
15 days now that we got fifteen hands we
can easily multiply the numbers and it
gives us 75 eggs in 15 days no yolk
number three can you tell a criminal by
his hands Sally grew up and became a
forensic expert she was all excited for
her first ever real job there was a
murder in the house one of the five
people who lived there was found dead in
his own bed the other four tenants all
became suspects our young detective
asked each of them to tell what they
were doing when the murder took place
and to show her their hands the first
suspect claimed that he had been busy in
the kitchen all this time the second one
said he was busy drawing in his room
the third one told that he had spent the
past three hours in the bathroom
the fourth one said that he had been
reading a book in the garden since the
morning let's help the young expert get
things right and find the criminal give
all those hands a good close look so we
can finger the criminal
[Music]
ice might be the mirror of the soul but
hands are definitely the real evidence
in our case it's obvious that suspect
number 3 was lying and it was him who
killed the poor thing why well the skin
on the fingers and palms gets all
wrinkled after a long time spent in the
water had the guy really been in the
bathroom for hours there would have been
some clear evidence on his hands so the
liar is the one who did it
of course we're assuming that he was
taking a bath or something I was
thinking he could have had a 3-hour case
of diarrhea and was sitting in the
reading but no that's way outside the
box moving on number four how can you be
the one to put the last coin on the
table
Sally enter colleague both aspire to get
a promotion their boss brought them
together and offered to play a game the
winner will get the desired position in
the department there is a round table
and a lot of coins in the row Sally and
her rival should take turns to put one
coin after another on the table they're
not allowed to put one coin on top of
one another
coins can't stick out of the tables
borders and they can't put them on the
edge the one who will be the last to put
the coin will win
there should be no room left on the
table when that happens I give you 15
seconds to help Sally pick a winning
strategy and get that promotion she
deserves
[Music]
so do you think you know how to win at
this game of coins the secret is to put
the coin precisely in the middle of the
table then the rival will put his coin
and Sally will add another one exactly
opposite the rivals coin then it will be
the rivals turn again Sally will put her
coin opposite his coin again and keep
doing so till she wins the rival will
always choose the place on the table
with a vacant place for Sally's coin
opposite of it in the end Sally will be
the last to put her coin on the table
you can try to strategy with your
friends of or offer your boss to play
this game in case they're having doubts
whom to give a raise you are guaranteed
to win number 5 strange findings in the
desert after a few years of hard yet
productive work Sally realized she
needed a break she went on to travel the
world once while crossing one of the
African deserts she found very strange
objects in the sand first there were a
few bags of sand in her way then she saw
a few edibles in there and after a while
she stumbled upon shoes of different
sizes finally she saw the body of a
barefoot man who was holding a broken
match in his hands
can you guess what it's all about what
happened there who killed the man
time's up half will leave this one
unanswered so feel free to share your
opinions as to how to solve it in the
comments below hope you manage to crack
all the riddles Sally is super grateful
for all your help don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life